now the ZIF Ides came to Seoul at Gibeah
is David not hiding in the hill of
Hakala opposite Josh Hyman then Saul
arose and went down to the wilderness of
Ziff having three thousand chosen men of
Israel with him to seek David in the
wilderness of Ziff and Saul encamped in
the hill of hakalo which is opposite to
Shimon by the road but David stayed in
the wilderness and he saw that Saul came
after him into the wilderness David
therefore sent out spies and understood
that Saul had indeed come so David arose
and came to the place where Saul had
encamped and David saw the place where
Saul a and Abner the son of nerve the
commander of his army now Saul a within
the camp with the people encamped all
around and David answered and said to a
hemic the hittite and to Abishai the son
of the Sarah ayah brother of Joab who
will go down with me to Saul in the camp
and Abishai said I will go down with you
so David and Abishai came to the people
by night and their soul they sleeping
within the camp with his spear stuck in
the ground by his head and Abner and the
people lay all around him then Abishai
said to David
God has delivered your enemy into your
hand this day
now therefore please let me strike him
at once with the spear right to the
earth
and I will not have to strike him a
second time do not destroy him for who
can stretch out his hand against the
Lord's anointed and be killed less as
the Lord lives
the Lord shall strike him or his day
shall come to die or he shall go out to
battle and perish the Lord forbid that I
should stretch out my hand against the
Lord's anointed but please take now the
spear and the jug of water that are by
his head then let us go so David took
the spear and the jug of water by Saul's
head and they got away and no man saw or
knew it or a work for they were all
asleep because a deep sleep from the
Lord had fallen on them now David went
over to the other side and stood on the
top of a hill afar off a great distance
being between and David called out to
the people and to Abner the son of nur
do you not answer Abner who are you
calling out to the king are you not a
man and who is like you in Israel why
then have you not guarded your Lord the
king
for one of the people came in to destroy
your Lord the king this thing that you
have done is not good as the Lord lives
you deserve to die because you have not
guarded your master the Lord's anointed
and now see where the Kings spear is and
the jug of water that was by his head
that saw new David's voice is this your
voice my son David it is my voice my
lord o king
why does my lord thus pursue his servant
for what have I done or what evil is in
my hand
now therefore please let my lord the
king hear the words of his servant if
the Lord has stirred you up against me
let him accept and offer him but if it
is the children of men may they be
cursed before the Lord for they have
driven me out this day from sharing in
the inheritance of the Lord saying go
serve other gods so now do not let my
blood fall to the earth before the face
of the Lord for the king of the Israel
has come out to seek a flee as when one
hunts a partridge in the mountains I
have seen return my son David but I will
harm you no more because my life was
precious in your eyes this day indeed I
have played the fool and exceedingly
here is the king's speak
let one of the young men come over and
get it may the Lord repay every man for
his righteousness and his faithfulness
for the Lord delivered you into my hand
today but I would not stretch out my
hand against the Lord's anointed and
indeed as your life was valued much this
day in my eyes so let my life be valued
much in the eyes of the Lord and let him
deliver me out of all tribulation may
you be blessed my son David you shall
both do great things and also still
prevail so David went on his way and
Saul returned to his place